Warehouse FAQ update (#964)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/warehouse-destinations/faq.mdx

If you do not set the <strong>Namespace</strong> field, RudderStack sets the source name as the schema name, with some modifications.
</div>

> ### How can I add the table prefixes if there are multiple sources connected to the same destination?

Reviewer: `single destination` instead of `same destination` ?

> ### How can I add the table prefixes if there are multiple sources connected to the same destination?

Author: ```suggestion
### How can I add the table prefixes if there are multiple sources connected to a single destination?
```

You can use RudderStack's <Link to="/features/transformations/">Transformations</Link> feature to filter the events by the <Link to="/dashboard-guides/sources/#source-details">`sourceID`</Link> and then update the event name to add a prefix. 

A sample transformation logic is shown below:

```javascript
if (SOURCE_ID == '<your_source_ID>') {
  event.event = '<some_prefix>' + event.event;

> }

Reviewer: lets show entire transformation
`export function transformEvent(event, metadata) {
    const meta = metadata(event);
    if (meta.sourceId === <your_source_id>) {
        event.event = '<prefix>' + event.event;
    }
    return event;
}`

Author: This is done.
